Added Ellipsoid surface area (#8986)
CesiumGS/cesium: CHANGES.md

##### Additions :tada:

> - Added `Ellipsoid.surfaceArea` for computing the surface area under given rectangle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `Ellipsoid.surfaceArea` for computing the approximate surface area of a rectangle on the surface of an ellipsoid.
```

- Added support for PolylineVolume in CZML [#8841](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/8841)

##### Fixes :wrench:

> - Fixed `Ellipsoid.geodeticSurfaceNormal` dividing by zero when given origin as input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a divide-by-zero bug in `Ellipsoid.geodeticSurfaceNormal` when given the origin as input. `undefined` is returned instead. [#8986](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/8986)
```
